Hahaha, how could it be Mrs. Lu?
If you are Mrs. Lu
Are you coming to school by taxi?
Hmph, do you know who Lu Tingyue is?
How dare you say it's his wife?
Do you know how much he is worth?
Are you worthy of talking nonsense here?
How dare you pretend to be the wife of the Lu family?
And you.
Did Zu Hui steal it?
Little brats start stealing at such a young age
I'll get it later
Give me something
This is my stuff
Give me the little bastard
Mr. Lu just received the message
The young master used the family crest of the Lu family in the kindergarten
He must be in some kind of trouble.
Will move the family helmet
Go and have a look
Zhu Yun, thank you for coming
How dare you